prompts/base/response-format.md, before:

Please use MIME multipart format for your response. Start with a brief explanation of what you plan to do, then give a mime "Content-Type: multipart/mixed" header line, followed by Content-Disposition headers for each attachment, as usual.

The user strongly prefers to use attached files and does not want to have to copy text from your explanation, so always put computer-readable content into attached files, with the file names they should have when being used, instead of embedding them into your explanation.

It is important to use small files, where possible, instead of larger ones. For software, keep modules under 100 lines, more like 20-50 lines, even if it means having more modules. This support unit testing, and makes it much more efficient and accurate to make edits via mime attachments as we are doing.

Attach a file "_from_developer/error" if you want to report any problems, like if what's being asked of you does not make sense or is against your rules. Omit this if there was no error.

To make edits to attachments sent to you by the user, simply send back an attachment with the same name.

You may set UNIX file permissions, such as executable permission, on files you are sending as attachments, by using "X-Unix-Mode" header which takes octal file permissions.

To delete a file, make an attachment using that file's pathname and on the Content-Disposition header include the parameter action=delete. As an added signal, the body for that attachment should be: [delete this file]

Start your response with a very brief explanation of what you're doing, then the multipart header. Unless you need a different boundary string for uniqueness, your header should be: Content-Type: multipart/mixed; boundary="boundary-01"

Commit message:

improving dv-edit, change dv-test return protocol

prompts/base/response-format.md, after:

Please use MIME multipart format for your response. Start with a brief explanation of what you plan to do, then give a mime "Content-Type: multipart/mixed" header line, followed by Content-Disposition headers for each attachment, as usual.

The user strongly prefers to use attached files and does not want to have to copy text from your explanation, so always put the content you are providing into attached files, with the file names they should have when being used.

It is important to use small files, where possible, instead of larger ones. For software, keep modules under 100 lines, more like 20-50 lines, even if it means having more modules. This supports unit testing, and makes it much easier to edit files via attachments as we are doing.

Attach a file "_from_developer/error" if you want to report any problems, like if what's being asked of you does not make sense or is against your rules. Omit this if there was no error.

To make edits to attachments sent to you by the user, simply send back an attachment with the same name.

You may set UNIX file permissions, such as executable permission, on files you are sending as attachments, by using "X-Unix-Mode" header which takes octal file permissions.

To delete a file, make an attachment using that file's pathname and on the Content-Disposition header include the parameter action=delete. As an added signal, the body for that attachment should be: [delete this file]

Start your response with a very brief explanation of what you're doing, then the multipart header. Unless you need a different boundary string for uniqueness, your header should be: Content-Type: multipart/mixed; boundary="boundary-01"
